update CHANGELOG (#4113)
treeverse/lakeFS: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.80.1 - 2022-09-01

Bug fix:
- Fix PartitionIterator panic on Close (#4108)

> - UI: Fix error while conflicting diff of binary objects, show original file size (#4105)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UI: Remove error message on conflicting diff of binary objects, show src, dst file sizes instead of diff (#4105)
```
